#summary A portable MUSHclient with the plugins I use
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This is a portable version of the mushclient that I run.  It includes the worlds, settings, and plugins that I use every day.  It is based on the Aardwolf MUSHclient and has all the plugins included with that client, although many of them have not been loaded.  Just doubleclick the mushclient.exe after you have extracted it into a folder somewhere.


= Details =
 * MUSHclient 4.51
 * It includes v2 of all my plugins and the plugins I have modified.
 * It also includes 
  * Aardwolf_autohunter_swalec 
   * Author:  Swalec
   * Homepage: http://code.google.com/p/swalec/
   * Version: from http://code.google.com/p/swalec/downloads/detail?name=Swalecs_plugins_2010_06_27_15_21.zip&can=2&q=
   * Help: autohunter help
  * Aardwolf_consider - changes consider messages, originally by Nick
   * Author: Nick Gammon
    * Modified by me when flags were added to consider
   * Homepage: http://www.gammon.com.au/forum/?id=8847
  * !PotionQuafferV2
   * Author: Onoitsu2/Bottomfeeder
    * modified by me to include all auras that can be on a potion
   * Homepage: http://www.gammon.com.au/forum/?id=8906
   * Version: 3.74
   * Help: pquaff help
  * mw_health
   * Author: Nick Gammon
   * Homepage: http://www.gammon.com.au/forum/bbshowpost.php?bbsubject_id=9575
   * Version: 1.0

 * The following worlds are loaded on startup
  * Aardwolf - The main world
  * Chats - Just for logging chats to a seperate log.  I leave this in the background, under the Aardwolf world. I use the chat miniwindow from Fiendish in the Aardwolf world.
  * Spellup - For the spellup plugin

 * Plugins not loaded, but included
  * AardInit - doesn't make much sense to use it, since I don't use most of the worlds
  * Aardwolf_bigmap - doesn't work right since areas now have coords, world also included but not loaded
  * Aardwolf_Helplist - do not use
  * Aardwolf Help - not coloured, so I just use regular help


= Installation =
 * unzip to the folder of your choice
 * double click mushclient.exe

= Download =
 * See the [http://code.google.com/p/bastmush/downloads/list Downloads] page.